then Abram went up from Egypt he and his
wife and all that he had and lot with
him to the South Abram was very rich in
livestock in silver and in gold and he
went on his journey from the south as
far as Bethel to the place where his
tent had been at the beginning between
Bethel and AI to the place of the altar
which he had made there at first and
there Abram called on the name of the
Lord
[Music]
lot also who went with Abram had flocks
and herds and tents now the land was not
able to support them that they might
dwell together for their possessions
were so great that they could not dwell
together and there was strife between
the herdsmen of Abrams livestock and the
herdsmen of Lots livestock the
Canaanites and the parasites then dwelt
in the land so Abram said to lot please
let there be no strife between you and
me and between my herdsmen and your
herdsmen for we are brethren is not the
whole land before you please separate
from me
if you take the left then I will go to
the right or if you go to the right then
I will go to the left and Lotte lifted
his eyes and saw all the plain of Jordan
that it was well watered everywhere
before the Lord destroyed Sodom and
Gomorrah like the Garden of the Lord
like the land of Egypt as you go towards
OA then LUT chose for himself all the
plain of Jordan and lot journeyed East
and they separated from each other
Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan and
lot dwell in the cities of the plain and
pitched his tent even as far as Sodom
but the men of Sodom were exceedingly
wicked and sinful against the Lord and
the Lord said to Abram after lot had
separated from him lift your eyes now
and look from the place where you are
northwood southward eastward and
westward for all the land which you see
I give to you and your descendants
forever and I will make your descendants
as the dust of the earth so that if a
man could number the dust of the earth
then your descendants also could be
numbered
arise walk in the land through its
length and its width for I give it to
you then Abraham moved his tent and went
and dwelt by the terebinth trees of
Mamre which are in Hebron and built an
altar there to the Lord